Mike Torres: Thanks for joining on short notice. We need to talk about Portland and Salem before Sarah finalizes the board deck.
Sim Patel: Of course Mike. I read your email about the three escalations this week. Walk us through peak hour response times.
Mike Torres: Portland Medical Center saw forty five plus minute delays Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday during evening shift change.
Mike Torres: Salem Community Hospital matched that pattern. Nursing directors say they are understaffed for the new workflow we trained in May.
Sim Patel: The June 15 morning site visit notes captured Sarah saying the client is comfortable with rollout progress. Help me reconcile that.
Mike Torres: Sarah's read is directionally true for adoption metrics. My read is operational reality on the floor during peak hours.
Mike Torres: We can hit eighty five percent adoption and still fail nurses during surge periods. That is what escalations show.
Sim Patel: Understood. Eugene Regional still stable?
Mike Torres: Eugene is our best live site. Fewer escalations. Portland and Salem need staffing remediation before Bend go live July 22.
Mike Torres: If we do not fix Portland and Salem by June 30, Bend should slip two weeks minimum. I will tell Sarah directly.
Sim Patel: Action item: joint leadership call with Sarah Chen and you within forty eight hours. Single source of truth dashboard by facility.
Mike Torres: Dashboard must break out peak hour response times, not daily averages. Board deck currently shows healthy averages that hide peaks.
Sim Patel: We will publish weekly peak hour metrics starting June 21. Training cohort for float pool nurses proposed for Portland and Salem.
Mike Torres: Training helps but agency nurses may be required for July if internal float pool cannot cover evening shifts.
Sim Patel: I will add staffing remediation plan to project timeline before Sarah's June 20 deck deadline.
Mike Torres: Please reference my email thread in project files so Sunny can compare morning meeting tone against operations escalations.
Sim Patel: Will upload call recap today. Facilities for this thread: Portland Medical Center, Salem Community Hospital, Bend Health Campus planned.
Mike Torres: Medford and Roseburg launches should not be discussed as firm dates until Portland stabilizes.
Sim Patel: Agreed. Next step: schedule Sarah Mike Sim leadership sync tomorrow 9 AM Pacific.
Mike Torres: Send invite and include nursing directors from Portland and Salem for thirty minutes of that call.
Sim Patel: Done. Anything else for the record?
Mike Torres: Yes. Board presentation must not claim all live sites are healthy without peak hour caveat. Reputation risk if board visits Portland unbriefed.
Sim Patel: We will align narrative before September board presentation Sarah mentioned. Thank you Mike.
Mike Torres: Thank you. Escalation owners: Portland nursing director Ana Ruiz, Salem nursing director Tom Walsh, my ops team for daily standup.
Sim Patel: Recording action items: leadership call 48 hours, peak dashboard June 21, Bend slip assessment June 30, staffing plan before deck finalization.
Mike Torres: Correct. This call contradicts optimistic morning site visit summary on staffing. Both are true in different dimensions.
Sim Patel: Sunny should surface that contradiction when asked if email differs from meeting notes.
Mike Torres: Exactly why we need better project search. End call.